# Nasifier
A Node.js webserver to let you remotely access parts of your computer's filesystem

**NOTE: This has not been properly pentested. I have put considerable effort into making sure it's safe and secure, but I make no guarentees. Honestly you're probably better off using nginx or apache or something**

---

Nasifier is a project I've been working on for a few years now. It's gone through several iterations and rebuilds but this is its current form. Nasifier is a Node.js script that creates a webserver primarily so you can access files from your computer on your phone/3ds/whatnot. I admit, this was orginally built for porn. However, I've built upon it to the point of it becoming a genuinly useful tool in day-to-day life beyond that.

**Note: You need [image magick](https://www.imagemagick.org/) installed for thumbnail generation to work**

---

## Command line arguments

```
usage: Nasifier.js [-h] [--config config] [--hash password] [--no-warn] [--hard-warn] [--log-req] [--log-res]

Nasifier CLI

optional arguments:
  -h, --help       show this help message and exit
  --config config  Set config file
  --hash password  Calculate a passHash for the config
  --no-warn        Disable warnings
  --hard-warn      Throw errors instead of warnings
  --log-req        Log every request made by any user
  --log-res        Log every response sent to any user
```

## Config.json

Before you can properly use Nasifier, you need to set up config.json. This manages all accounts, what they can/can't access, and whether or not they can upload files

### Initial Config.json

```JSON
{
	"redirects":{},
	"accounts":{
		"admin":{
			"passHash":"",
			"allow":[],
			"deny":[],
			"canUpload":false,
			"viewSettings":{
				"folder":{
					"imageMode":"thumbnail"
				}
			}
		}
	},
	"viewSettings":{
		"cacheViews":true,
		"folder":{
			"imageMode":"link",
			"imageRegex":"\\.(a?png|j(pe?g|fif)|gif|bmp)$",
			"videoMode":"link",
			"videoRegex":"\\.(mp4|mov|webm|mkv)$",
			"handleLNKFiles":true,
			"handleAtFiles":true
		}
	},
	"defaultUploadLoc":"./files",
	"hashType":"sha256",
	"hashSalt":"Jf*4j7'D^{+rV;/N$y73",
	"useHTTPS":false,
	"httpsKey":"key.pem",
	"httpsCert":"cert.pem",
	"httpPort":80,
	"httpsPort":443,
	"maxFileSize":"50MiB",
	"basePath":""
}
```

## Config documentation

### Redirects

- `redirects[shortName]`: Redirects to the path

### Account stuff

- `accounts[account]`: Per-account configuration. (`account` is the username used for logging in)
- `accounts[account].passHash`: The hash for `account` generated by `Nasifier.js -config [config file] -hash [password]`
- `accounts[account].allow`: An array of files/folders the user can access. a blank string (`""`) allows for all files/folders and is almost always a bad idea
- `accounts[account].deny`: An array of files/folders inside of folders listed in `accounts[account].allow` to explicitly deny
- `accounts[account].canUpload`: Either `true` to allow uploading to `defaultUploadLoc` or a string to specify a per-user upload location
- `accounts[account].viewSettings` (optional): A per-user override for the `viewSettings` key

### View Settings

- `viewSettings.folder.imageMode`: Either `"link"`, `"embed"`, or `"thumbnail"`. Works as expected (thumbnails are at most 512x512 jpegs and are generated using [image magick](https://www.imagemagick.org/))
- `viewSettings.folder.imageRegex`: A Regular Expression string to check if a file path is an image
- `viewSettings.folder.videoMode`: Either `"link"` or `"embed"`. Works the same as `viewSettings.folder.imageMode` except for videos
- `viewSettings.folder.videoRegex`: A Regular Expression string to check if a file path is an video
- `viewSettings.folder.handleLNKFiles`: If `true`, LNK files (generated with the "create shortcut" button in Windows' file explorer) redirect to the file/folder they link to
- `viewSettings.folder.handleAtFiles`: If `true`, files named `@` will be read and any lines containing file/folder paths will appear in the folderView for the folder the `@` file is in

### Uploading

- `defaultUplodLoc`: The default path for uploaded files to be placed into. Can be overriden on a per-user basis in `accounts[account].canUpload`
- `maxFileSize`: Either `-1` for infinite or a number followed by `"B"`, `"KB"`, `"KiB"`, `"MB"`, `"MiB"`, `"GB"`, `"GiB"`, `"TB"`, or `"TiB"` (case insensitive)

### Hashing/HTTPS

- `hashType`: Any hash name that Node's crpyto package can handle
- `hashSalt`: A (preferably long) string of characters to help defend against dictionary attacks if the config file or a `accounts[account].passHash` is ever leaked
- `useHTTPS`: Either `true` or `false`, determines whether or not to use HTTPS
- `httpsKey`: The path to an HTTPS key (only tested with .pem files)
- `httpsCert`: The path to an HTTPS cert (only tested with .pem files)

### Other

- `basePath`: A single folder for Nasifier to access instead of the entire computer. `""` acts as no basePath


# License

This project is released under the ["Don't Be a Dick"](https://dbad-license.org) public license. See LICENSE.md for more details

# Special thanks

- That russian guy who noticed my portforward was left on and tried to hack me, thus alerting me to the existence of [#1](https://github.com/Scripter17/Nasifier/issues/1)
